The year is 2996, humanity is on the cusp of a new century. Science and Technology has evolved to help humanity become the first species to leave their world. Now exploring the “Great Hollow”, they look to the infinite void and beyond to find what’s really out there. No one truly knows where humanity came from, some say it was a God, other’s look for a more holistic answer in the sciences. But there are few that still believe the progenitor of life is from myth, a story of aeons past of a flame that produced life. The First Flame.

The Universe of DARK SOULS is not of a traditional cosmology that is seen in real life. There is no “Space” or celestial bodies to speak of. But rather just the one “world”. A plane of existence. Time moves differently, there is not a day-night cycle. Light and dark exist, as does heat and cold, all influenced in their own way by external forces still beyond the comprehension of the greatest minds in The Ringed City. The Ringed City is an artificial-ringed planet, moulded out of the old-world. The Ringed City project began in 2323, when it was discovered the Great Hollow’s branches were ever expanding; a slow rate, but alarmingly measurable. Given their limited space, they did what they could to create a world capable of holding humanity. Sorcery and the natural magicks were used to shape a structure capable of holding back the encroaching void. A ring, spanning almost 9,000 Kilometres. Artificial Gravity, a great ball of fire weaved from the greatest pyromancers rests in a sphere held up in the centre of the ring. It provides light, power, and heat. A crude mimicry of what was known as a “wondrous body”, a Sun. Each quadrant is divided into the main four kingdoms of the old world: Carim, Vinheim, Catarina and Lordran, with Lordran being the central Capital of the Ringed City. 

It is not without its faults. Space is limited, constant restrictions on resources have led to civil unrest and tensions are getting higher. Lordran has always been in control of the resource management and was the self-appointed central authority in this new society. But other sectors are questioning its judgement. As such humanity now turned to beyond the Great Hollow to find more. Beyond the safe walls and boundaries lies thick tree branches that never die, hundreds of thousands of miles of twisting, winding, unending fury that should never have been surpassed. The dark void of the trees sings a sweet melody of the unknown, clawing and grasping at anyone who would dare cross it like its very nature is to corrupt. But once beyond it, a grey fog, strewn out over an infinite sea only broken up by large, everlasting trees sprouting out of the void below, ashen beaches gather around the trees that stretch beyond comprehension. Each tree has been thought of as a gateway to another world. Another Dimension. Given its hostile nature the traversal of the “Great Hollow” is only a recent feat, the first “successful” expedition was in 2843.

The story tells of a long forgotten age of Humans and Gods. But when the flame died out, the Gods died with it. An accursed one abandoned the flame and birthed the age of darkness, where no gods ruled, where no light shone. A true age of humanity. They say that is where the art of Sorcery, elemental manipulation and the eldritch comes from, but that has been lost to time